Update TSG.md (#1395)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: TSG.md

To create a private-endpoint for DFS in Azure portal: Go to your storage account -> Networking -> Private Endpoint connections. Click `+ Private endpoint`, fill in Subscription, Resource Group, Name, Network Interface Name and Region. Click next and under Target sub-resource select `dfs`. Click Virtual network and select virtual network and Subnet. Click DNS. Select Yes for Integrate with private DNS. Select the Subscription and Resource Group for your private link DNS. Select Next, Next and select Create.

**11. Failed to initialize new pipeline [config error in azstorage [account name not provided]]'**

Make sure the configuration file has `azstorage` section in your config file.

```
azstorage:
  type: adls
  account-name: <name of the storage account>
  container: <name of the storage container to be mounted>
  endpoint: <storage account endpoint (example - https://account-name.blob.core.windows.net)>
  mode: key
  account-key: <storage account key>

> ```

Reviewer: You can remove this section. The sample config files linked below already mentions this.

The [BlobFuse2 base configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/blob/main/setup/baseConfig.yaml) contains a list of all settings and a brief explanation of each setting.

> Use the [sample file cache configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/blob/main/sampleFileCacheConfig.yaml) or the [sample streaming configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/blob/main/sampleStreamingConfig.yaml) to get started quickly by using some basic settings for each of those scenarios.

Reviewer: Please update this.
```suggestion
Use the [sample file cache configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/blob/main/sampleFileCacheConfig.yaml) or the [sample block cache configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/blob/main/sampleBlockCacheConfig.yaml) to get started quickly by using some basic settings for each of those scenarios.
```
